Add an example config file to PQS (#625)
digital-asset/docs.daml.com: docs/2.8.0/docs/query/pqs-user-guide.rst

    ./scribe.jar pipeline --help-verbose

> The ``--config`` file option is useful if there are several options or an Infrastructure-as-Code approach.  An example configuration file is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use a ``--config`` file to define multiple options or reflect an infrastructure-as-code approach. Here's an example configuration file:
```
